Change /docs layout, structure and content (#352)
tendermint/starport: docs/1 Introduction/1 Introduction.md

- Starport lets you create, develop, host in the cloud and manage the initiation of the blockchain.
- Starport and Cosmos are written in Go
- Today, Cosmos SDK has a unique position worldwide of the most successful blockchains being built with it.

> - A combination of different modules on the Cosmos SDK will create different technology opportunities of a blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A combination of different modules with the Cosmos SDK will create different technology opportunities for a blockchain.
```
